---
layout: post
title:  "Privacy Policy"
date:  2023-06-02 18:31:43 +0800
categories: doc
---

## Introduction

Welcome to Hanzi Fun App, an app that helps you learn Chinese. We attach great importance to and respect your privacy, so we have developed this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect, use and protect your personal information, as well as your rights and choices. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and agree to it before using our services. If you choose to use my services, you agree to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy. The personal information I collect is used to provide and improve the service. I will not use or share your information with anyone other than as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, I may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information when using our services. The information I request will remain on your device and will not be collected by me in any way.

This app does use third-party services that may collect information that can be used to identify you.

Links to the privacy policies of third-party service providers used by the app:

- [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
- [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
- [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)
- [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)

## **log data**

I would like to inform you that whenever you use my service, if there is an error in the application, I collect data and information called log data on your phone (via a third-party product). This log data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using my Services, the time and date you used the Services, and other statistical information.

## Cookies

Cookies are files containing small amounts of data, usually used as an anonymous unique identifier. This information is sent to your browser from the websites you visit and stored in your device's memory.

The Service does not explicitly use these "cookies". However, this application may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve its services. You can choose to accept or decline these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to reject our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of the Service.

## **Links to other sites**

The Service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of those websites. I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## **Changes to this Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, you are advised to check this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy will take effect from 2023-06-01

## **contact us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my privacy policy, please feel free to contact me at tiejunshe@gmail.